Direct communication channels (#930)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/communication/index.md

We're an [all-remote](../../company/remote/index.md) company, with teammates from all around the world and (soon) no primary office. To make this work, we need to be deliberate about how we communicate.

## Direct communication

> We rely on [Slack](team_chat.md) for all our internal communications and conversations so discussion can happen in public channels. For the most part we only use email for external communications. In the rare occasion of a Slack outage, we communicate by....???

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We rely on [Slack](team_chat.md) for all our internal communications and conversations so discussion can happen in public channels. For the most part we only use email for external communications. In the rare occasion of a Slack outage, we communicate [via other means.](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/innovation/scientists-prove-that-telepathic-communication-is-within-reach-180952868/)
```
